Update information-barriers-in-teams.md (#3271)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/information-barriers-in-teams.md

- To set up information barrier policies, see [Define policies for information barriers](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers-policies)

> - To edit or remove information barrier policies, see [Edit (or remove) information barrier policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers-edit-segments-policies.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To edit or remove information barrier policies, see [Edit (or remove) information barrier policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/information-barriers-edit-segments-policies.md)
```
